A case in this video let's look out right Joines see if you remember right joins will return all the
data from Table 2.
And no only retrieve matching data from table 1.
So they're the opposite of left joins basically and you can see here I have the same select statement
from The Last Lecture.
So the LEFT JOIN where customers is Table 1 and orders is Table 2.
So let's run this again and you can see returns order IDs from 2 to 11.
So let's run the same select statement but let's change the left join to a RIGHT JOIN.
So use the same select statement but now it's going to retrieve all the data from Table 2.
So the orders and only the matching data from table 1 which is customers.
So let's run that now.
So you can see that the first row of data is now Order ID 1.
And that's because it's now retrieving all the rows from the Orders table and only matching data from
the Customers table.
So let's switch the tables around again.
So let's make customers table 2 and orders table 1.
So to do that we're going to say from orders.
Right joining.
Customers see
and then again in the all and we need to change this around so we need say all customer ID is the crew
to see Id
leave the order and limit the same.
And you can see now that we have order IDs from 2 to 11.
So this is equivalent to the first left join statement.
We ran in this video so you can see that Royte joins on left joins all the same but opposite.
So switching tables round's from table one table to and table to table 1 is exactly the same as switching
left join to right join.
So again just make sure you know which ones table won and which ones table too when you're using write
joins.
So that sums it up for left joins on right joins again.
The most common join you use is the inner join.
But just in case you need to use left and right joins now you know how to do it.
And just to complete this video.
Let's run this update Stakman.
So update the orders again and set customer id equal to one where ID is equal to 1 and then select store
from orders to make sure that's happened.
And now we have the same data we had before we were dealing with left and right joins.
So that's it for this video.